[RHCLOUD-35780] Make Drawer notifications actionable by adding a link to additional details (#4405)
RedHatInsights/notifications-backend: common-template/src/main/resources/templates/drawer/Rbac/tamAccessRequest.md

> A Technical Account Manager **[{data.events[0].payload.username}]({environment.url}/iam/user-access/users/detail/{data.events[0].payload.username}?from=notifications&integration=drawer)** requested to access your account. [Open Access Requests]({environment.url}/iam/user-access/access-requests?from=notifications&integration=drawer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Red Hat technical account manager requested access to your account. Go to [Red Hat Access Request]({environment.url}/iam/user-access/access-requests?from=notifications&integration=drawer) to review the request.
```
